Add installation instructions (#12)
Automattic/EventHorizon: README.md

A multi-language code generation tool for type-safe event tracking. The system takes YAML schema definitions as input and generates equivalent tracking implementations for Kotlin, Swift, TypeScript, and JSON schema formats.

## Installation

> You can download binaries for Linux amd64 or Mac amd64 from the [releases page](https://github.com/Automattic/EventHorizon/releases). On a macOS system, you can download it with Brew using the following commands:

Reviewer: I'd suggest users to use homebrew first (as an easier option), and only then fallback to binaries. Also, the Formula _does_ support linux in homebrew ([source](https://github.com/Automattic/homebrew-build-tools/blob/408c1238989fcba1aef153da3becc9361a171748/event-horizon.rb#L23-L24))

```suggestion

You can install **EventHorizon** using **Homebrew** on both macOS and Linux:

```bash
brew tap automattic/build-tools
brew install automattic/build-tools/event-horizon
\`\`\` (idk how to wrap this correctly :) )

If you prefer, or if Homebrew is not available, you can download prebuilt binaries directly from the [releases page](https://github.com/Automattic/EventHorizon/releases)
 for both Linux `amd64` and Mac `arm64`.
```

Author: Thanks! Addressed in #13.

> You can download binaries for Linux amd64 or Mac amd64 from the [releases page](https://github.com/Automattic/EventHorizon/releases). On a macOS system, you can download it using Brew using the following commands:

Author: ```suggestion
You can download binaries for Linux amd64 or Mac amd64 from the [releases page](https://github.com/Automattic/EventHorizon/releases). On a macOS system, you can download it with Brew using the following commands:
```
